well my sweaty amigo soon we shall be in
Spain to partake in the running of the
boys and hungry and he goes before we
partake in banning it seems to me
in your
I'll bring my other one and people comin
Gary will partake in the running of the
Brewers
everything is going according to my
brilliant and David obey
well my rugged amigo we have eaten much
lighter and whatnot
the ultimate test of
there's only one bow oh they're all
taking that's it
except this one
Leo's all yours see my judge make it
amigo this is why they call it damn
attic apple
oh haha Bo I didn't know you were in
Spain
runners hostage do not forget to signal
something is
never stand by the backside of a bull
for once Dibble wins I will travel
gather into dispatch ooh fine it puka
that Matador was to meet the same fate
as guru
so you think I can't get that tape
no you will get the point
hey what still they doing in there I
don't know but he must smell muy Malo